clang-format: add page (#4736)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/clang-format.md

# clang-format

> > A tool to format C/C++/Java/JavaScript/Objective-C/Protobuf/C# code.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Tool to auto-format C/C++/Java/JavaScript/Objective-C/Protobuf/C# code.
```

> More information: <https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html>.

> - Format a file and print the result to stdout:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Format a file and print the result to `stdout`:
```

`clang-format {{path/to/file}}`

> - Format a file inplace:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Format a file in-place:
```

`clang-format -i {{path/to/file}}`

- Format a file using a predefined coding style:

`clang-format --style={{LLVM|Google|Chromium|Mozilla|WebKit}} {{path/to/file}}`

> - Format a file using a custom .clang-format file:

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Format a file using the `.clang-format` file in the local path:
```

> - Format a file using the `.clang-format` file in the local path:

Reviewer: Do you mean the current working directory here?

Author: From the docs: 
> Use -style=file to load style configuration .clang-format file located in one of the parent directories of the source file
I'm not sure how it's best to phrase it

Reviewer: I see. What about this?
```suggestion
- Format a file using the `.clang-format` file in one of the parent directories of the source file:
```

> `clang-format --style=file {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: Missing token syntax? Also, perhaps this would be more consistent with other existing pages?
```suggestion
`clang-format --style={{path/to/.clang-format}} {{path/to/file}}`
```

Author: Judging by the [docs](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormat.html), `file` is a literal string and does not refer to a filename. When it is present, the program will look for .clang-format file. Correct me if I'm wrong though

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I didn't comment about this because is an special option for `--style`.

Reviewer 2: @sbrl Yeah, I didn't comment about this because is an special option for `--style`.

Reviewer: Oh, I see. No worries! The description confused me.

> - Generate a custom .clang-format file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Generate a custom `.clang-format` file:
```

> `clang-format --style={{LLVM|Google|Chromium|Mozilla|WebKit}} --dump-config > .clang-format`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`clang-format --style={{LLVM|Google|Chromium|Mozilla|WebKit}} --dump-config > {{.clang-format}}`
```
